Uncle Ye, you are poisoned
What's poisoned again?
I suspect it was the same person who did it ten years ago
Then why didn't you save me before?
To save me from the grave
Someone wants you to die
Then you just smile and show them
Otherwise
I am afraid that he will trouble you again.
Li Shiqiang was dispatched in his lifetime
Since Uncle Ye is like this
You can't show up yet
I'm okay
I'm just worried about going blind.
He is alone now
Don't worry, Uncle Ye, I will take care of him.
Where am I going now?
I have my own arrangements to go
Shura meets the Dragon Emperor
Don't call the Dragon Emperor blindly, he will blame him for being Brother Long
Uncle Ye, please sit here first
He is responsible for your safety
I will definitely protect Mr. Ye's safety
Refund first
Remember, it's tomorrow.
Arrange for shareholders to force the palace
Get Tianqiang Group's from Ye Shining
Control is